KEP-4832: add SchedulerAsyncPreemption to the doc (#48407)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/scheduler-async-preemption.md

---
title: SchedulerAsyncPreemption
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.32"
---

> Running some expensive operation within [the scheduler's preemption](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/) asynchronously,
> which improves the scheduling latency when the preemption involves in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable running some expensive operations within the scheduler, associated with
[preemption](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/), asynchronously.
Asynchronous processing of preemption improves overall Pod scheduling latency.
```
